TOPIC
    evaluation
 
DESCRIPTION
    Evaluation (often shortened to 'eval') shows your basic/relative
    evaluation.  It is displayed when you use the 'score' command.
 
BASIC EVALUATION
    Basic evaluation reflects your statistics and skills.  It does not
    necessarily indicate a player's power, since a high charisma or a high
    skill in embroidery can give the illusion that a player is more powerful.
 
RELATIVE EVALUATION
    Relative evaluation is a slightly newer function.  Unlike basic
    evaluation, it evaluates relative to the player it considers the most
    powerful on the mud.  A few clarifications:
 
      The most powerful player on the mud means, the most powerful player
        currently existant, not logged on.  So if Joebob is the most powerful
        player on the mud, and he logs off, relative evals will still be
        scaled to him.

      Relative evaluation does NOT use basic evaluation to determine the
        real power of players internally.  Just because Devo has the highest
        basic eval on the mud does not mean he will have the highest
        relative eval.
 
      Again, 'the most powerful player on the mud' in these terms just means
        the highest rank, not necessarily the one who can deal out the most
        damage.
 
    Because relative evaluation is relative to a player, it is less stable
    than basic evaluation and will fluctuate naturally based on the
    advancement of other players.  If, however, your relative eval drops
    suddenly to 0 or 1 from say, 100, chances are someone has been patched.
    Inform a wizard (not an Arch), and he/she will check on it.
 
    Evaluation of any sort is not an approximation of the power of a 
    character, only a ranking of the amount of experience they have spent.
 
    Relative eval can be displayed instead of normal evaluation in the who
    command.  See who for details.
 
    In the score command, relative eval is the second number listed in the
    Evaluation field.

    Relative evaluation ranks the most powerful player as 100.  No one but
    the most powerful player can hold this rank.

SEE ALSO
    who, score

[ Last updated: Thu Feb 12 19:23:06 1998 ]

