Malay Yellow Curry [Peaches, Fri Aug 10 20:21:00] 2570
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
This recipe is for Koi.

Traditional Australian Malaysian Singaporean Curry, passed down through 
generations  (ie: my mum made it up, then I modified it)

Feeds four.  Add more ingredients, feeds more than four.

Ingredients:
1 onion
1 clove garlic
3 white potatoes, medium sized
1 eggplant, medium sized
6 chicken thighs, skinless
2 tablespoons curry powder
1 can peeled whole tomatoes
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 can coconut milk
2 tablespoons vegetable oil

Optional:
Cauliflower flowerets
Carrot
Peas
Beans

Utensils:
1 large pot
1 large spoon
1 can opener
1 knife
1 vegetable peeler

Preparation:
Peel potatoes, cut lengthways, crossways, and slice in pieces approx 1/4 
    inch thick
Peel onion, slice in half, then slice lengthways.
Peel garlic, slice into tiny, tiny pieces.
Cut top and buttom off eggplant.  Slice in half, then in quarters, 
    and slice into pieces around 1/4 inch thick.
Cut chicken into pieces, any size is fine, up to preparer.  I normally 
    cut in half.
OPEN ALL THE CANS(&!^! ;)
Chop the whole peeled tomatoes in the can with a knife, just a rough
    chop is fine, I normally swirl the knife around a little inside
    and just cut them up.

Cooking:

Dry-fry curry in pot.  Dry frying means you should ONLY put the curry powder 
in, no oil, no liquid at all.  Continuously stir in pot until you can smell 
the curry, approx a minute, two minutes tops.  DO NOT BURN-- very important.  
If you burn it, you can tell by the acrid stench.  Throw it away if you burn 
it and start over.  Burned curry tastes like poo.

Place fried curry in bowl, add enough water to make a paste, it doesn't matter
if you add too much water, so don't panic.  In the pot you just fried the 
curry in, place the vegetable oil and heat over medium-high heat.  Add 
garlic and onion, fry onion until it is clear, and fragrant, approx 3-5 minutes.

Add chicken, heat until cooked through (stir occasionally).  Make sure the
chicken is done but not overcooked, approx 5-8 minutes.  Add tomato paste,
curry paste, chopped tomatoes and coconut milk.  Stir until thoroughly
mixed and everything is coated.

Reduce heat to simmer.  Add potatoes and eggplant.  Add any other vegetable
you have chosen to place in curry.  Mix until coated, and veges are somewhat
submerged.

Cook until potatoes are done, approx 30-45 minutes.  This can take longer
depending on the size of your vegetable pieces.

Serve with steamed jasmine rice.  If you need to know how to cook rice,
buy a $5 microwave rice cooker from K-Mart and read the instructions.

